Documentation: Add using mock explanation for testing (#46360)
grafana/grafana: contribute/style-guides/backend.md

errToReturn := errors.New("my error")

myMock := &MockImplementation{}
defer myMock.AssertExpectations(t)

myMock.On("Get", mock.Anything, "id1").Return(objectToReturn, errToReturn).Once()
myMock.On("Get", mock.Anything, "id2").Return(Object{}, nil).Once()

anyService := NewService(myMock)
resp, err := anyService.Call("id1")

assert.Equal(t, resp.Message, objectToReturn.Message)
assert.Error(t, err, errToReturn)

resp, err = anyService.Call("id2")
assert.Nil(t, err)
```

#### Mockery

When an interface to test is too big, it's annoying to mock each function manually. To avoid this, you can
use [`mockery`](https://github.com/vektra/mockery) library to generate the mocks.

The command is like the following (there are more options documented if you need to use another one):

```
mockery --name InterfaceName --structname MockImplementationName --inpackage --filename my_implementation_mock.go
```

- `--name`: Interface to mock
- `--structname`: Mock implementation name
- `--inpackage`: To use the same package name as the interface
- `--filename`: Your mock generated file name

If any interface signature changes, executing the command again updates the mock.

> Additionally, you can put `go:generate` command on the top of the interface as a comment. It's useful because some IDEs
> like Goland allows executing scripts from the IDE.
> 
> ```
> //go:generate mockery --name InterfaceName --structname MockImplementationName --inpackage --filename my_implementation_mock.go
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Additionally, you can put `go:generate` command on the top of the file as a comment. It's useful because some IDEs
like Goland and Visual Studio Code allows executing scripts from the IDE.

```
package <package>

import (
	...
)

//go:generate mockery --name InterfaceName --structname MockImplementationName --inpackage --filename my_implementation_mock.go
```
````
